the word of the Lord that came to
the word of the Lord that came to Jeremiah concerning the droughts Judah
Jeremiah concerning the droughts Judah
Jeremiah concerning the droughts Judah mourns at her gates languish they mourn
mourns at her gates languish they mourn
mourns at her gates languish they mourn for the land and the cry of Jerusalem
for the land and the cry of Jerusalem
for the land and the cry of Jerusalem has gone up their Nobles have sent their
has gone up their Nobles have sent their
has gone up their Nobles have sent their lads for water they went to the cisterns
lads for water they went to the cisterns
lads for water they went to the cisterns and found no water they returned with
and found no water they returned with
and found no water they returned with their vessels empty they were ashamed
their vessels empty they were ashamed
their vessels empty they were ashamed and confounded and covered their heads
and confounded and covered their heads
and confounded and covered their heads because the ground is parched for there
because the ground is parched for there
because the ground is parched for there was no rain in the land the ploughman
was no rain in the land the ploughman
was no rain in the land the ploughman were ashamed they covered their heads
were ashamed they covered their heads
were ashamed they covered their heads yes the deer also gave birth in the
yes the deer also gave birth in the
yes the deer also gave birth in the field but left because there was no
field but left because there was no
field but left because there was no grass in the wild donkeys stood in the
grass in the wild donkeys stood in the
grass in the wild donkeys stood in the desolate heights they sniffed at the
desolate heights they sniffed at the
desolate heights they sniffed at the wind like jackals their eyes failed
wind like jackals their eyes failed
wind like jackals their eyes failed because there was no grass Oh Lord
because there was no grass Oh Lord
because there was no grass Oh Lord though our iniquities testify against us
though our iniquities testify against us
though our iniquities testify against us do it for your name's sake for our
do it for your name's sake for our
do it for your name's sake for our backslidings are many we have sinned
backslidings are many we have sinned
backslidings are many we have sinned against you
against you
against you oh the hope of Israel his savior in time
oh the hope of Israel his savior in time
oh the hope of Israel his savior in time of trouble why should you be like a
of trouble why should you be like a
of trouble why should you be like a stranger in the land and like a traveler
stranger in the land and like a traveler
stranger in the land and like a traveler who turns aside to tarry for a night why
who turns aside to tarry for a night why
who turns aside to tarry for a night why should you be like a man
should you be like a man
should you be like a man astonished like a mighty one who cannot
astonished like a mighty one who cannot
astonished like a mighty one who cannot save yet you our Lord are in our midst
save yet you our Lord are in our midst
save yet you our Lord are in our midst and we are called by your name do not
and we are called by your name do not
and we are called by your name do not leave us thus says the Lord to this
leave us thus says the Lord to this
leave us thus says the Lord to this people thus they have loved to wander
people thus they have loved to wander
people thus they have loved to wander they have not restrained their feet
they have not restrained their feet
they have not restrained their feet therefore the Lord does not accept them
therefore the Lord does not accept them
therefore the Lord does not accept them he will remember their iniquity now and
he will remember their iniquity now and
he will remember their iniquity now and punish their sins then the Lord said to
punish their sins then the Lord said to
punish their sins then the Lord said to me do not pray for this people for their
me do not pray for this people for their
me do not pray for this people for their good when they fast I will not hear
good when they fast I will not hear
good when they fast I will not hear their cry and when they offer burnt
their cry and when they offer burnt
their cry and when they offer burnt offering and grain offering I will not
offering and grain offering I will not
offering and grain offering I will not accept them but I will consume them by
accept them but I will consume them by
accept them but I will consume them by the sword by the famine and by the
the sword by the famine and by the
the sword by the famine and by the pestilence then I said O Lord God behold
pestilence then I said O Lord God behold
pestilence then I said O Lord God behold the prophets say to them you shall not
the prophets say to them you shall not
the prophets say to them you shall not see the sword nor shall you have famine
see the sword nor shall you have famine
see the sword nor shall you have famine but I will give you a short piece in
but I will give you a short piece in
but I will give you a short piece in this place and the Lord said to me the
this place and the Lord said to me the
this place and the Lord said to me the prophets prophesy lies in my name I have
prophets prophesy lies in my name I have
prophets prophesy lies in my name I have not sent them commanded them nor spoken
not sent them commanded them nor spoken
not sent them commanded them nor spoken to them they prophesied to you a false
to them they prophesied to you a false
to them they prophesied to you a false vision divination a worthless thing and
vision divination a worthless thing and
vision divination a worthless thing and the deceit of their heart therefore thus
the deceit of their heart therefore thus
the deceit of their heart therefore thus says the Lord concerning the prophets
says the Lord concerning the prophets
says the Lord concerning the prophets who prophesy in my name whom I did not
who prophesy in my name whom I did not
who prophesy in my name whom I did not send and who say sword and famine shall
send and who say sword and famine shall
send and who say sword and famine shall not be in this land
not be in this land
not be in this land by sword and famine those profits shall
by sword and famine those profits shall
by sword and famine those profits shall be consumed and the people to whom they
be consumed and the people to whom they
be consumed and the people to whom they prophesy shall be cast out in the
prophesy shall be cast out in the
prophesy shall be cast out in the streets of Jerusalem because of the
streets of Jerusalem because of the
streets of Jerusalem because of the famine and the sword they will have no
famine and the sword they will have no
famine and the sword they will have no one to bury them them nor their wives
one to bury them them nor their wives
one to bury them them nor their wives their sons nor their daughters for I
their sons nor their daughters for I
their sons nor their daughters for I will pour their wickedness on them
will pour their wickedness on them
will pour their wickedness on them therefore you shall say this word to
therefore you shall say this word to
therefore you shall say this word to them let my eyes flow with tears night
them let my eyes flow with tears night
them let my eyes flow with tears night and day and let them not cease for the
and day and let them not cease for the
and day and let them not cease for the virgin daughter of my people has been
virgin daughter of my people has been
virgin daughter of my people has been broken with a mighty stroke with a very
broken with a mighty stroke with a very
broken with a mighty stroke with a very severe blow if I go out to the field
severe blow if I go out to the field
severe blow if I go out to the field then behold those slain with the sword
then behold those slain with the sword
then behold those slain with the sword and if I enter the city then behold
and if I enter the city then behold
and if I enter the city then behold those sick from famine yes both prophet
those sick from famine yes both prophet
those sick from famine yes both prophet and priest go about in a land they do
and priest go about in a land they do
and priest go about in a land they do not know have you utterly rejected Judah
not know have you utterly rejected Judah
not know have you utterly rejected Judah as your soul loathes ioan I have you
as your soul loathes ioan I have you
as your soul loathes ioan I have you stricken us so that there is no healing
stricken us so that there is no healing
stricken us so that there is no healing for us we look for peace but there was
for us we look for peace but there was
for us we look for peace but there was no good and for the time of healing and
no good and for the time of healing and
no good and for the time of healing and there was trouble
there was trouble
there was trouble we acknowledge Oh Lord our wickedness
we acknowledge Oh Lord our wickedness
we acknowledge Oh Lord our wickedness and the iniquity of our fathers for we
and the iniquity of our fathers for we
and the iniquity of our fathers for we have sinned against you do not abhor us
have sinned against you do not abhor us
have sinned against you do not abhor us for your name's sake do not disgrace the
for your name's sake do not disgrace the
for your name's sake do not disgrace the throne of your glory
throne of your glory
throne of your glory remember do not break your covenant with
remember do not break your covenant with
remember do not break your covenant with us are there any among the idols of the
us are there any among the idols of the
us are there any among the idols of the nations that can cause rain
nations that can cause rain
nations that can cause rain but when the heavens give showers are
but when the heavens give showers are
but when the heavens give showers are you not he or Lord our God therefore we
you not he or Lord our God therefore we
you not he or Lord our God therefore we will wait for you since you have made
will wait for you since you have made
will wait for you since you have made all these